Add div joke/Remove trailing whitespace (#48)
wesbos/dad-jokes: readme.md

**A:** Because he used up all his cache

---

> **Q:** Why didn't the <div> get invited to any dinner parties?

Reviewer: Where's the closing tag?
`<div />`

Author: Closed it!

> **Q:** Why didn't the <div /> get invited to any dinner parties?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Q:** Why didn't the `<div />` get invited to the dinner party?
```
